Do their project management materials show the appropriate amount of activity?
	For the most part yes. Their trello board is pretty active, they have a lot of their talks documented with any pictures. Fro sprint 3,
they had 57.68 hours logged. 

Write a one-to-two-paragraph review of their models. Is their database schema well-formulated?
	Their data model looks good, it uyses a many to many relationship, connecting all the tabled together in the matches table.
One question i do have is, why is photos in it's own table? Could they not add teh table into the Dog table? Also, in the BreedID table,
what's the point of having a picture in there? Does the Dog picture not represent the dog breed enough? Aside from that, the other tables
look good. On their github they did not have the sql file for the data table, unless i was looking somewhere else, i don't they added the
table, i was not able to see it in fruition. 

Has there been an appropriate amount of code pushed into their client and server repos? Can you run the prototype and/or the database?
	I was not able to see any of their server repos, i looked in the materials and the pinder repos but i could not find it, and due
to this i was not able to find any of the sql db tables. The prototype worked and ran fine for me, the main screen was very ugly and messy
but the app ran fine. Since i was unable to find the database, i was unable to run it, so no.

Was their design presentation effective? What worked? What didn’t work? How would you rate their presentation relative to the others?
	Their design presentation worked fine, like i said before the main screen UI was choppy. From the looks of it, everything worked 
they planned on. The presentation was kind of lack luster and they talked a little too much which passed their 15 minute time frame, 
so at the end i was uninterested in the app. From the notes i wrote down i had a few questions, the app seems like a one time use bases, 
as in useres find the pet and then delete the app, is there a way for us to get more users ? Maybe add more pets to the choices?   